Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
No!
Christ. Helen.
How many times
do I have to tell you
to take it easy on the brakes?
She came from nowhere.
What was it?
It was a naked woman.
I said you should drive.
- Oh. you didn't--
- I told you she's underneath.
You didn't say that.
Here. hold Molly.
Christ. Bring a blanket.
- Alright.
- Is she dead?
No.
But if we don't get her
to the hospital right now.
she will be.
We gotta get her in the van.
Come on.
Come on. let's get her in.
She's lost a lot of blood.
Alright. what have we got?
- I can't find a vein.
- Sheesh.
All these needle marks.
all these veins are flat.
Ah. shit.
I really don't wanna have
to do a carotid.
There's nothing.
Do it.
It's okay.
Okay. hold her down.
Hold her down. hold her down.
- It's okay.
- He's coming!
- Sweetie...
- Nobody's coming. No.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
What's your name?
- Oh. he's coming!
- It's okay. It's okay.
You're alright.
you're gonna be okay.
What other drugs
have you taken?
Oh. lord... Alright.
Let's keep her sedated
and let's get a look
at these lacerations.
Looks like she's gone
through a meat grinder.
Draw some blood
and get it back to me
as quick as possible.
Nice ass. Give me
a grab. will you?
Fuck off!
- Hey!
- I really admire
- them bodacious jugs.
- Go find
- some fucking other ones.
- Hey. punk!
You feeling lucky? Are ya?
Go ahead.
touch her again.
- Do it.
- Wha--?
Damn. Lisa. what's gotten
into you?
Yeah. what kind of hooker
are you anyway. lady?
Not one you can afford.
Hey. hey. back off. Come on.
Do you see what I deal with?
Oh. come on.
just a little titty.
I got money.
How much
will ten bucks get me?
You can get fucked.
but not by us.
Oh!
- How do you deal
with that all the time?
- Take me to Titty Town!
- Okay.
-  - Come on. pull those girls out.
- Sadie. Hey. hey. hey!
- Ow!
- No. no. no.
Come here. Come here.
- Ahh!
Hey. hey. hey. come.
come. come. Come on.
Every fucking time.
It was just off a country road
near some tracks. I think.
How fast were you going?
Well. I was going
the speed limit.
Why was she driving?
Were you drinking?
- No. Just--
- Okay. was she drinking?
No.
So what meds are you on?
- What?
- Excuse me?
Oh. honey.
I think I have some concealer
in here that'll help with that.
Yeah. right.
Oh. what about
a smoke instead?
- Oh. yeah. here.
- Ugh.
Actually...
take the whole pack.
Really?
- Mm-hmm.
- You sure?
Yeah.
No time like the present.
Hey. have you thought
about my offer?
I can see you tomorrow.
I don't know. I...
I wouldn't even have
anything proper to wear.
Mm. You're about my size.
Why don't you stop by
my place tomorrow
and you can borrow something?
You're not gonna make me wear
something like this. are you?
No. actually.
I have something perfect.
And then if you get the job.
it'll fit you for a uniform.
Uniform?
God. Lisa.
The only uniform I've ever worn
is an orange jumpsuit.
Hey. opportunities like this.
they don't come around
every day.
I know you don't wanna be
walking the streets like this
when you're 50.
Lucky if I make it to 35.
- Ugh.
- Here comes the party pooper.
- Hmm.
- Uh...
I-I really don't know.
I mean. it happened so fast.
- We're not from around here.
- And she came out of nowhere.
Evening. ladies.
Sadie. what happened here?
Nothing.
One day. it's not
gonna be nothing.
There's some bad dudes
out there.
I hate to see you get hurt.
Thank you.
You. You know the drill.
Get in the back.
Seriously?
Don't make me
get out of this car.
Ah...
- You don't have anything sharp?
- Are you kidding me right now?
You are kidding me. right?
- With anything back here?
- Hey! Hey!
- Hey. you do that again...
- Watch your hands.
...and I'm gonna throw
the cuffs on you.
- Oh. my God. Ouch!
- Watch your head.
Hey. Officer Jack.
Want some extra company?
We're offering
a two-for-one
special tonight.
Ah. this one's
all I can handle.
thank you.
Your loss.
Will you let me
out of this car right now?
If you give me
a kiss. I will.
How about I give you
a punch in the mouth?
- Oh. Oh. you're so not funny.
- I'm hilarious.
Oh. I'm glad
you think you are.
Everyone else thinks
you're a bore.
You mind telling me
what you're doing out here
dressed as a mariachi woman?
It's my hooker look.
You think dudes wanna
hook up with women
that are dressed as mariachis?
It's not--
It's not mariachi. I--
I came to talk to Sadie
and try to get her to go
to that interview for tomorrow.
I still don't get it.
I feel like
I'm more relatable
to the girls
if I don't look like
a soccer mom.
No!
Please. no.
Now you just keep
an eye on her.
Please...
I think soccer mom's hot.
So. how about that kiss?
Oh. pfft. You got
a one-track mind.
Well. goddamn. Lisa.
it's been two months.
Speaking of which.
you coming back home or not?
Mmm.
That's it?
You're not gonna say anything?
Normally. I can't
get you to shut up.
And...
Now you're going
all silent on me?
Oh. whoa. okay.
Well. oh. now I'm really not
gonna say anything.
I'll just sit back here
with my mouth shut.
I'm not gonna say a word.
Nothing. nada. zip.
Won't even say anything
about your hair.
What the fuck about my hair?
Is that Just For Men?
No. but my--
I mean. I did a little. but...
Shut up.
Shoot. I gotta go. That's Joe.
- Gotta get to work.
- Absolute nonsense.
Hey. let me out.
- I'm serious.
- Alright.
I gotta go. Thank you.
Looks like it did when I was 20.
Okay. let's not make
this difficult.
Just put one foot
in front of the other
and walk the line.
Alright. just do
what he says. Helen.
Let's get this done with.
Jesus Christ.
She's a lost cause.
Sadly. I see these type
of situations every time
I'm out here.
Shame on you.
She's somebody's daughter.
Well. I'm sure
she used to be.
Hey. thanks for coming.
We brought her in.
She's had multiple lacerations.
She's high
as a kite. with no ID.
and had this real
acrid smell to her.
And she's. uh...
- She's really freaked out.
- Okay.
- Doing some role-playing
or what?
Well. uh. kind of.
Helps to fit in
when you look the part.
Oh. shit. Oh.
Oh. it's...
Hi. It's okay.
You're okay.
My name's Lisa.
I'm with Social Services.
I'm not gonna hurt you. okay?
I'm here to help you.
Can you tell me your name?
It's okay. How about...
Can you just nod
your head for me?
You know... Do you know
who did this to you?
No. no. no. it's okay.
Shh. shh. shh.
You are so safe here.
You can trust me. okay?
Take my hand. We're gonna
come out nice and slow.
Gotta get you back
into bed. okay?
You're okay. You're safe.
Let's go. nice and easy.
- Nice and easy. It's okay.
- It's okay. It's okay.
You're safe.
You're safe. You're fine.
- Oh. my God!
- Somebody sound Code One!
No.
Oh. Jesus Christ.
Come on. You don't have
to see this.
- Oh. my God.
- You don't have
to see this. Don't look.
Just don't look. Come on.
Come on.
Wait. what?
- Right?
- What a nice surprise.
I was wondering
if there was
any information
on last night's stabbing.
- Uh. we're on it.
- Lisa.
Chief. hi.
Ray of sunshine
in our dingy little office.
Anything on that girl
last night?
Street rat.
clearly drugged up.
gets killed
by traffic accident.
With multiple knife wounds?
Lisa.
We're on it. Let us do our jobs.
Did you know her?
Yeah. she had
a familiar face. but. uh...
I don't know. These. uh.
these girls are kind of
tough nuts to crack.
Maybe I'll go over
to Star's tonight.
I can ask around.
Don't go nuts.
You're drawing me. Lisa.
A single vehicle incident
involving an unidentified
female pedestrian
resulted in a tragic
and horrific accident
late last night.
Oh. my God. you look amazing.
Ugh. what if they don't like me?
- I don't want you
to be disappointed.
- No. no. shh. shh. stop.
Don't be nervous. okay?
These are friends of mine.
You just go in there.
just be yourself.
That's all you have to do.
- You got it.
- Okay. Okay.
Okay. but what if
they do like me?
I mean. Lisa.
- I don't know.
- Hey. I already told you.
Don't worry about anything.
You can stay with me
until you get
your first paycheck.
Okay?
Nothing to be nervous about.
Go knock 'em dead.
Yes.
Thank you.
- Good luck.
- If anyone has any information
on her identity. please call
the police department
at 555-71...
- Hey. Jack.
- Hey.
So you're working late again?
Yeah. I got
a lot of paperwork.
Is there anything
I can help you with?
Nah. It's all in my head.
I just got to get it out
on the computer.
I can help you clear
your head.
I heard you guys split.
She must have been crazy
to let a good man
like you get away.
Not exactly. We. uh...
We're trying to work it out.
Hmm.
Well. if you ever need
a shoulder to cry on...
Thank you. Silvia.
That shoulder
could be in uniform.
Or it could be
in absolutely nothing...
...but Chanel No. 5.
Well. that is certainly
an intoxicating offer.
but I'm not ready--
Oh. oh. oh. no.
I'm not ready to give up
on her just yet.
Okay. Well...
if you change your mind...
offer still stands.
It's not the only thing
standing.
Hey. girls.
- Hey.
- Hi. Lisa.
We heard about that girl
that got sliced up and run down.
- Fucking terrifying.
- Mm-hmm.
What's your old man's
take on it?
- Yeah?
- I'm getting the blow off.
Did any of you girls know her?
She wasn't one of us.
Must have rolled in
from some other gutter.
- Unlucky gutter.
- What's it gonna be. ladies?
If you're sitting at my table.
you gotta crack open
those coin purses.
- Star!
- Come on. Star!
Hey. lay off. Star.
You know that we keep
this place running.
- Uh-huh.
- Amen!
Hey. it's alright. Star.
This round's on me.
Whatever they normally get.
Yay! Lisa!
What they always get
when you're paying.
or what they sometimes get
when you're not here?
Come on!
What they usually get.
How about for you?
I heard you had
a hell of a night.
How about a double?
- Damn. Star!
What's wrong with you?
- Seriously?
- For real?
- Oh!
Sorry. Lisa. I run a bar. Habit.
No. no. no sweat.
So. anything on the girl?
Come on. any of you guys
see her last night?
Know where she might
have gotten picked up?
Who she partied with?
Nothing? Come on. girls.
I know you're not always
on the up and up with me.
and I get it.
I'm not here to cause
any trouble.
Or bore us
with your AA antidotes.
- Shawanda!
- Fair enough. Alright. fine.
I just wanted to find
out what happened
so it doesn't happen again
to any of you.
You see?
So. anything?
Hey. how about you?
You know anything
about that girl
that got killed last night?
Me?
That one? Fucking nutcase.
I wouldn't believe a word
that comes out of her mouth.
She's a tweaker.
Welcome. Hell. yeah.
Hi. How are you?
Listen. girl.
We appreciate your concern.
but she's not the first
- and she won't be the last.
- Mm?
Girls have been
disappearing around here
- for years.
- Yep.
And nobody gives a damn.
Are you telling me
that other girls
have been killed?
We have been talking
to the cops
- till we're blue in the face.
- Mm-hmm.
- They don't care.
- All we get at best is a shrug.
Listen. they don't give
a shit about us.
They think we got it coming
- or something.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh. hell. yeah. man.
You got more of this?
I'm your girl.
Whatever you want. Daddy.
That's my game.
"Anything Kate." they call me.
Could you move over
just a little bit. please?
What the fuck?
I said I would do
whatever you want.
You just gotta ask.
Sorry. I'm a little bit
of a clean freak.
Clean freak.
That's funny.
You're a funny...
funny fucking guy.
You know that?
Fuckin' serious?
You're fuckin' nuts.
Oh. my pretty
little piggy.
I'm dead serious.
Shit.
This stuff's good.
It's good.
What the fuck are you doing?
What?
W-what-- what's the fucking
knife in your hand?
- What knife?
- Fucking knife.
Darling. this isn't a knife.
This is your salvation.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. please.
Please. look-- I'll get you off.
Let me do anything.
Stop. please.
You already have.
Thank you.
Okay.
We got 50 links...
forty pork...
two Squealer's specials.
Fresh killer sausages.
This place never disappoints.
Thank you.
You know. it's all in the cut.
Women get reported
missing all the time
and most of them
turn out to be nothing.
These girls on the street.
they're mostly just drifters.
Well. that doesn't mean
that we should just ignore them.
We need to put
our energy into people
who really deserve it. Lisa.
Not people who choose
a certain way of life
and then end up dead
in a ditch...
- "Choose a way of life..."
- ...because of their
life choices.
- Oh. shit.
-  - Not people who choose...
I'm sorry but that's
the harsh truth.
That is not only heartless.
It's incredibly ignorant.
What. seriously?
You think these women
on-on school career day decided.
"Hey. I just think
I'll be a cheap hooker
and stand on a street corner
where somebody might come along
and kill me."
- Lisa--
- And if they do.
no one will give a damn.
not even the police.
Lisa. calm down. Goddamn you.
Come on. man.
Do-- Please tell me
that you don't agree with her.
Is that why you
haven't done enough
to find this poor girl?
Lisa. I know
that this is personal for you.
but we don't have the manpower
on the force.
and we're all just trying
to do our best.
Really?
Well. in the words
of Winston Churchill.
"It is not enough
that we do our best.
Sometimes we have to do
what is fucking required."
That language is a little blunt.
even for Churchill.
Alright. well.
so I embellished.
Yeah. you did.
There's no need
to take it out on Silvia.
She didn't do anything.
Right. She didn't do anything.
That's the problem.
None of you
are doing anything.
Lisa.
is this what you do? You...
Uh. we have an APB out
on two pink puppies
trying to escape. Do you copy?
What the fuck
did you just say to me?
Wanna say it a little louder
for the guys in the back?
Go ahead.
See.
my mama told me
about your type.
And what'd she say?
You do whatever it takes
to get attention.
And when you get
the attention you want.
"What are you doing?
What are you--?" Like. come on.
You see what you're doing
wearing this shit every day.
I'm giving you
what you want. attention.
Did your mama also ever tell you
that you got a big fucking mouth
that should stay shut?
'Cause let me tell you
something right now.
You ever speak to me
or even about me again.
I will rip your pathetic
little man-child nuts off
and shove them
down your throat.
You got it?
All good.
I got this killer sausage
here too.
It's all for me.
Oh. shit. No. no. no. no. no.
It's so beautiful.
You hear the music?
- Do you hear it?
- Mm-hmm.
Mind if I come in?
Oh. you must have read my mind.
Need something
to wake me up
from this episode
of The Twilight Zone.
Yeah. well. glad to see
there's one vice
- that you haven't given up.
- Hmm.
Besides. who else can I call
at three in the morning
when I can't sleep?
This is insane.
There's literally dozens
of missing women
and zero action
from the Dickless Tracys.
Are you alright?
I haven't seen you this wound up
since. uh. you know.
I'm fine.
When's the last time
you talked to your sponsor?
Hey. I said I'm fine.
Lisa. I know you care
about these girls.
but you gotta see Jack's point.
A lot of them are transient.
and they don't wanna be found.
I know the stats.
Joe. I'm just...
telling you something
does not feel right.
You saw a woman die.
that's what doesn't feel right.
Seeing something like that
could mess with anybody
as sensitive as you.
Yeah.
You're probably right.
I'm sorry. I can't stop thinking
about that crazy girl
with the red hair.
'Cause you're swimming
on this pretty deep water here.
Why don't you let
Jack handle this?
It's 'cause it's like
he's brainwashed.
What if there really is
someone out there killing
not just one woman.
but lots of them.
Okay. okay. what you got here
is a serial killer. hmm?
A female serial killer
with red hair.
Girl that died was a drug addict
and a hooker.
And her end. God rest her soul.
is no big surprise.
The wounds she suffered
were unlikely related
to the other missing women.
Maybe.
Maybe not.
I just have a feeling.
I've got a feeling too.
but not a good one.
Oh. uh...
By the way. that acrid smell
I was telling you about?
Mm-hmm.
It's a farm smell.
You know what's
really interesting?
That couple that found her said
that they were on the west side
of the city.
That's farm country.
You know. there's a lot
of farms out there.
But you. you stay
the hell away from there.
There's a lot
of weird people out there.
Mm-hmm.
I should know it.
I treat them every damn day.
See you later. pumpkin.
Bye.
Sugar?
It's. uh. for all my friends.
Hmm. And I put
some extra in for you.
- Extra?
- Mm-hmm.
What for?
I need you to dump
some trash for me.
- Oh. wow.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh.
That is a big son of a bitch.
Goodness gracious.
What happened to him?
You know.
Fat guys. Their hearts give.
Yeah.
- Gotta imagine
this didn't help.
- Mm.
Give me a sec.
Okay... let's figure
this out here.
Hey. buddy. could you give me--
give me a hand?
Ah. you can have the whole body.
You said "give me a hand."
You get it?
No.
Okay.
Oh. come on.
Okay. okay.
What the hell happened
to his shoe?
He bled all over it.
Bled all over his shoe?
How?
I used it to slap
his fat face.
You slapped this man in the face
with his shoe? Why?
What--? What is this?
Twenty fucking questions?
Yes. I used his shoe
to slap him
in his fat fucking face.
What does it matter?
What else was I gonna use?
Well. you'd use a mallet.
You'd use a baseball bat.
Maybe...
A meat tenderizer. I don't know.
A meat-- a meat tenderizer?
Where am I going to get
a meat tenderizer. hm?
Meat tenderizer.
Right this way. Daniel.
Okay.
Oof.
Oh.
I thought these places
were. um...
Oh.
I thought these places
were supposed to be.
um...
...sterile. like hospitals.
If the place is too clean.
the meat don't taste as good.
Too clean?
Fuck me.
I feel like I need
a tetanus shot in my face.
Mm.
You want the blood
to bleed out real nice.
The femoral artery
will bleed you dry in no time.
You know. this might
take some time.
If you want.
I could brew us up
a pot of coffee
and maybe fry us up
some sausage sandwiches.
I'm good. I'm super good.
Thank you. Uh...
I'm gonna be outside. Alright?
Suit yourself.
Oh. shit. Um.
I'm gonna be on my way.
Hey. Tammy.
I need to ask you
a few questions.
I'm not working.
I was just cruising by.
- saying hi to some friends.
- Come here.
I'm not here
to give you a hard time.
I just need to ask you
a few questions.
Get over here.
- What's up?
- Did you know that poor girl
that got hit by the truck?
Personally?
No. I've seen her
around. though.
Did you hear any stories
about anybody unusual
coming around with her
or any other other girls?
No one new.
You didn't hear anything
from the other girls.
some of the people
you work with. anything?
No. Can I go home now?
Okay. Alright. thank you.
All done?
We're good.
You know...
if you cleaned
yourself up. you know.
you know. shaved your beard.
you know. put on some cologne.
maybe got some new
threads. right?
A nice whip. nice ride.
You can have some fine
classy ass coming in
and out of here all day. right?
Fuck knows you can afford it.
You got more money
than God. huh?
This land alone's got
to be worth what?
Millions. Millions.
I don't work alone.
Oh. yeah. I'm well aware.
I heard you got.
uh. seven million
for your uncle's spot.
- That's not true.
- Whatever.
It's irrelevant. right?
Whatever money you have.
you can get a fucking tail train
coming through here.
It was eight and a half million.
Eight and a half
million dollars?
- That's right.
- And you still live here?
Well. this is my home.
What the fuck was that?
It's feeding time.
Come see.
- Come on.
- Oh. what the fuck is this?
- It's wind.
- I know what it is.
- Here you go.
Come on.
I know. I know. I know.
Here you go. here you go.
Come on.
- What are you
feeding them? Meat?
- Come here. Oh. no.
These babies...
...they'll eat anything.
So don't ever stick
your hand or your foot...
or that tiny dick of yours
through that fence here.
'cause if you do...
...guaranteed they're
gonna eat your ass.
Maybe I should feed you to them.
Oh. yeah. you promise?
Is that a fucking hand?
Hey. Squee. um...
There was some
Lisa bitch at Star's
and she's asking
just a lot of questions.
Who the fuck is Lisa?
I don't know
who the fuck Lisa is.
You tell me who Lisa is.
Did I miss something?
Yeah. mind your fucking
business. eggplant.
Did you bring that blow
you promised me last time?
Do I look like
I'm running a charity?
Well. you know
I'll work for it. right?
In your dreams.
Yeah? You wanna walk
into the sunset with me?
My dreams are this way. Come on.
- Get away from that. Get away.
- What?
Don't touch that. Okay?
- It's deadly.
- That thing will kill you?
Just leave it alone.
Huh. Do you have
a little Indian outfit
you like to dress it up in
for Christmas?
This is the highest-powered.
carbon-fiber
compound bow
on the planet.
I do like it
when you talk dirty to me.
- Oh. yeah?
- Oh. yeah.
Hey. Paul.
you got a sec?
- What up?
- When you get a chance.
I'd like to take a look
at that report
you took from the couple
in the RV.
- For what?
- I just wanna
comb through and see
if we missed anything.
I see what you're doing.
You're trying to get back
with your ex. ain't you?
I understand. man.
She got a nice.
tight little booty.
What the fuck did you say to me?
- Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
- What are you doing. Jack?
You know he's not worth it.
She's married to a cop
so don't go fucking with her.
Oh. come on. Star.
Why you gotta act
like I'm aggressive
or something? I'm just...
I'm making small talk
'cause I've never
seen her before.
Well. that's all I got.
and I gotta work.
I know something about it.
Oh. yeah. what do you know?
Huh?
Hey.
Yeah. you.
Spare a couple of smokes
for a couple of pretty girls?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Yeah?
Yeah.
Come and get them.
- Alright. Come on.
- Uh-huh.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah? What?
Oh. well. well.
well. well. well.
now that looks like
a whole lot of fun.
You got a light?
Hey!
- What?
- Not in here.
- You know that!
- Oh. come on. Star.
- Really?
- Out back.
Fuck.
I'm taking these.
You wanna come outside?
Come on. Mister.
Come on. girl.
Are you sure it's unlocked?
- Go. Yes.
- Thank you.
Well...
You ladies have a good evening.
I got something better
waiting for me at home.
What's that?
Oh. What's your pleasure?
Mm.
I do like me some
Scooby snacks. Right?
What about you. Miss?
Well.
that's the best way
to spend a Saturday morning.
- Hey.
I'm looking
for that crazy girl
with the red hair.
Not you. obviously.
Earline. yeah. why?
'Cause she's just been in here
asking about you.
Really? Is she here now?
- Might as well start now.
- Girl. Scooby-Dooby-Doo.
you know it.
That meth head better not be
bringing trouble to my bar.
No. no. no trouble. Star.
I just wanna ask her
a couple questions.
You got a ride or what?
I got a ride.
Well. you're in luck.
She just went out back.
Ah. Thanks.
Hey. Star. she's not out there.
Did she come back through here?
- No. love. sorry.
- Any idea where
she might've gone?
Yo. Star. this drink
ain't gonna refill itself. hon.
Hold your ass. Mickey.
It's coming.
I'm sorry. Lisa.
I got no idea.
Would you do me a favor
and take off your shoes. please?
Seriously?
Thank you.
- This place is a--
- We are a guest
in this man's house.
Take off your shoes.
Yeah. girl. get it. Get it.
Get it.
Mm.
Alright. Mm.
Alright. that's my cue
to leave.
What do you mean?
The party's just getting started.
- I don't wanna leave yet.
- Oh. I know. doll. Trust me.
You're not leaving.
Hey. Squee. can I have
the keys to the truck?
Sure.
Oh. you know.
if you pick up
some eggs.
I can make our favorite
sausage sandwiches.
- Yeah.
- Go easy tonight. okay?
If you puke in the truck.
you're cleaning it up.
Right. yeah. Uh...
You guys married or something?
Oh. well. yeah.
Oh. well. there's that.
But look. don't you
worry. honey.
You just enjoy
your chicken flippin'. alright?
- Okay.
- Mm.
Yeah.
Are you ready?
What's all this?
Oh. you know. I just got a...
little bit of a thing
for clear plastic.
You're fuckin' weird.
Hmm. "Weird"?
Weird how?
Just in every way.
Well. that's a little vague.
Where are you going?
I'm thirsty.
I'm gonna get a beer
before we consummate
the evening.
Oh. no. no. please.
You're my guest.
Sit down. I can get it.
Well. aren't you a gentleman?
Here. I can go grab you one.
and you can open it for me.
I can explain.
Oh. you looking
for Officer Jack?
He's in an investigation
right now
with one of your sisters.
- You'd do the work for me?
-  - Yeah.
- Is that what we're doing?
- Only if I can sit
in this chair.
You can sit in that chair.
That's the captain's chair.
Oh. hey.
I didn't-- I didn't know
you were coming by.
- Clearly.
- Normally. you text first.
I did text.
I guess you were busy
looking down
your partner's shirt.
Lisa. don't.
- Oh. it's okay.
- I wasn't looking down
anybody's shirt.
I'll see myself out.
Have fun.
Um...
So I... I came because
I heard you were talking
to some of the girls.
so I wanted to see
if you heard anything.
but I've...
You've clearly moved on
to another investigation...
- No.
- ...so I'm gonna...
- I'm gonna just go.
- No. Lisa. I have
been following up.
I-- Lisa.
Lisa. you shouldn't
walk out like this.
We at least need to have
a conversation about this.
- Ugh.
- Hey!
You were acting
like a crazy person.
- What the hell
is wrong with you?
- What is wrong with me?
Every time I walk
into your office.
that strippergram
is all over you.
You walked out on me.
You don't get to say
who I talk to or what I do.
I guess it's true that a tiger
doesn't change his stripes.
You promised me
to never bring that up again.
We are past that.
You were so caught up
in your own bullshit.
you haven't given any thought
to think about
how hard these past two months
have been for me.
You're falling apart.
and you're taking us with you.
- You still haven't
fixed this roof.
- Fuck.
Your whole life
is falling apart.
and you'd rather freeze
to death than fix it.
Whoa.
What is it that you
wanna say. Jack?
- I didn't mean to say that.
- Just say it. You've been dying
to say it this whole time.
so just say it.
- You wanna say
that I'm selfish?
- All I'm trying to do
is win you back.
Hey.
I'm sorry. okay?
Me too.
- Not about the tart. though.
-  I'm not sorry about that.
Okay. you're not gonna
like this. but...
Joe was saying that the woman
at the hospital
had manure all over her.
and an old couple is saying
that they were on the side
- of the farms by the track.
- Are you--
- Fucking right now?
- There's only three farms
with livestock.
You're talking about
this shit right now?
Stay the fuck out of my job.
This is becoming
your new addiction
and I don't wanna be
around you when you slide.
Fuck.
You know...
I'm always up
for the hunt. but...
I'm thinking...
maybe it's time
you take a break.
For fuck's sake. Earline.
You're the last person
I ever expected to be
talking me down off of crazy.
Well. what are you trying
to say. Squee?
I'm saying you're nuttier
than squirrel shit.
I think that's actually
the nicest thing
you ever said to me.
It's just...
It's just that I care. and...
I just...
Even sounds kind of weird
to say out loud.
Yeah. me too.
And you always said.
"never too close together."
Ain't never done 'em
too close together.
Yeah. well. things change.
Know what I think?
No.
I think...
that Lisa bitch
is making you hard.
- Oh. come on. Earline.
- Mm-hmm.
- You know that ain't it.
But she is out there still.
and I am keen on finding her.
All I'm saying is.
if you get caught.
don't you get me fucked
in the process.
Speaking of...
Look at this pretty
little piggy right here.
Now?
It ain't dark yet.
- Oh. I don't see
the difference.
Come on. Squee.
Go.
Please?
- Hi.
- What do you guys want?
Ah. hold on. hold on.
No. no. no.
Don't get...
Don't get hostile.
I'm just being friendly.
Actually. we're. uh...
We're going to a party.
and my friend here thought
it might be fun
to invite you along.
I ain't a hooker.
I-I know that.
And. look. he's not...
he's not looking to bone.
Now. listen.
I know these...
I know these looks
are deceiving.
but I'm telling you.
this guy is rich.
So if he wanted to get laid.
- he can just get
a top-shelf girl.
He don't look rich.
Okay. look.
Do you wanna go
to a party or not?
This guy is my friend.
He has the best party favors.
and he likes to share them
with pretty girls. and...
he thinks you're pretty.
but he's shy.
which is why I'm here
talking to you. so...
- Will you say something?
- Excuse me. ma'am.
You know you have
real kind eyes.
Are they green?
Yeah.
I've always wanted green eyes.
What's your name?
Lulu. And yours?
Molly Ringwald?
You're funny.
But are you rich?
Come join us.
What's the worst
that could happen?
Okey-dokey.
Peace offering.
Come in.
I just need
a little more time.
A little more time.
Oh...
Oh. Mm.
- Oh...
- What's so funny?
That's it. I have
no fucking idea
what's so funny. It just is.
Mm.
I get it.
I like to laugh too.
I think I'm gonna need you
to take your clothes off.
What the fuck. dude?
I thought you said no sex.
What the fuck is it with you
letting these bitches get away?
Hey! If she gets away.
it's your ass too!
Get off your ass and help!
Well. you better go
find her. then.
Here you are! Fuck you. pussy!
I told you.
they are not little pets.
you pussy!
Oh. no. no. Please.
I should have slit
your throat at birth!
He'll make good eats.
So tender when they're little.
Please...
Out comes the baby.
I promise it'll only be
for a couple of weeks.
No. I told you.
you're welcome to stay
until the end of the month
and then. you know.
you'll get settled
in your new job.
and I'll help you find
a place of your own.
Um. I. uh...
I wanna start clean with you.
Please don't be mad.
I haven't done any in two weeks.
I was keeping this...
...just in case.
But I-I. I don't wanna hide
anything from you. and I...
I don't want that anymore.
Are you mad?
I'm not mad.
Okay. because
this might sound silly. but...
no one's ever been
this nice to me.
I mean. no one even really knew
I existed. but...
for some reason.
you believe in me.
And I...
wanna make you proud.
or whatever.
I am-- I am proud
of you. Sadie.
It doesn't sound silly.
This is...
This took a lot of courage.
Thank you for trusting me.
Where'd you get it?
- Please. Lisa.
- No. come on. seriously.
It's really important. Sadie.
N-no. no. no. no.
I-it was just
from some random kid
- on the other side of town.
- What did he look like?
I don't know.
A kid with a hoodie?
- I mean. it could
have been anybody.
- Lisa. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- No. it's--
No. no. no.
don't be sorry. It's okay.
But I-I gotta take this
to the station.
- What? No. No.
- No. seriously. you're--
I promise you.
you're not in any trouble.
I don't want you
to worry. okay?
I got you. girl.
- Lisa.
- This is our secret.
but this might be
a good lead on the case.
- "Secret"? But you're...
- They may be able to find out
where it came from.
Don't worry.
I'll be back in a flash.
Please don't.
Lisa. please.
Fuck me. huh?
- Hello?
- Hey.
You at the station?
No. I'm just finishing up
with some asshole.
- What's up?
- You were right. Jack.
Oh. good. I love it
when I'm right.
What was I right about?
I think it's time I let you in.
I was hoping you'd come
to that conclusion.
Can you come over later?
Sadie's going to work soon.
I thought we can talk some more
and make up for lost time.
What do you think?
I think I'll be
hightailing it over there
just as soon
as I'm finished up here.
I'll see you soon.
Hey. hey. Good timing.
- You wanna take
the collar on this one?
- Okay.
Okay. good. The perp's
in the back.
My cruise is a little
worse for the wear.
Do you mind if I take yours?
Ah. that's...
You'll get a promotion for this.
Thank you.
No worries.
Do you live here?
No. ma'am. just. uh. here
to see a business colleague.
After you.
I don't live here either.
Just staying with a friend.
Oh.
So. what kind of business
are you in?
Meat. Fresh meat.
Like a butcher?
Yeah. Just slicing
and dicing meat.
Isn't that kind of weird?
Killing? Chopping up animals?
You know. you get used to it.
Creatures don't even
see it coming.
Killing part's over in seconds.
Well. that's good. I guess.
that they don't see it coming.
What about you?
Um. actually. I just
started a new job.
I'm officially the receptionist
at the Lincoln Hotel.
Really?
Wow. You know. I think
that you'll make
a fantastic receptionist.
- Really?
- Yeah.
You know. you look
so familiar to me.
Have we met?
I don't think so.
I mean.
it's a small town. but...
I'd never forget
eyes like yours.
Okay. well.
this is my stop.
You're staying with Lisa?
Yes.
That's who I'm here to see.
- Really?
- Yeah.
That must be
why I recognize you.
What did you say
your name was?
Theodore.
Most people call me Squealer.
Okay.
Um. Lisa just ran out
for a minute.
but you are welcome to wait
with me if you'd like.
No. You know. I...
I don't wanna be an imposition.
I could just wait out here.
It's no imposition at all.
Please. come in.
- Okay. then.
- Do you mind
if I call you Theo?
My mama used to call me Theo.
Come on. pick up
for Christ's sakes.
Hey. Joe.
Well. what the fuck
does he want?
Listen. I think I found
your. uh. mysterious
red-haired girl.
They pulled into this pig farm
out here on the county road
called. uh. Squealer's.
Oh. my God. that's got
to be the farm.
Focus. You're gonna take
my truck. okay?
- Okay.
- Okay. No. wait.
We're gonna see
if he follows you.
- Okay.
- If it's the farm he wants.
- I'll deal with it.
- Okay.
Hang tight and don't do
anything stupid.
Me don't do anything stupid.
You don't do anything stupid.
- for Christ's sake.
- No. no. no.
I'm-I'm gonna call Jack
right now. okay?
I'll let him handle it.
Put it down. Put it down.
Okay. look. just don't touch
anything. okay?
Just don't--
You do know
how to drive. right?
I have stolen nicer cars
like this since I was 12.
- Do not insult me.
- And don't mess with my seat.
Oh. come on.
- Hello. this is
Detective Jackson.
- No...
Leave a message.
and I'll get back to you
- as soon as I can.
- Ugh.
Don't touch the temperature.
Don't touch the rearview mirror.
And don't touch the radio.
- Leave it on the opera.
- Uh-huh.
Don't touch it!
Hey. um. Jack.
Okay. um. you're not
gonna like this. but...
Joe just found that crazy girl
that I've been
telling you about.
and guess where she is?
There is a pig farm
and it's called Squealer's.
okay?
I'm gonna head
in that direction right now.
But don't worry.
I'll wait for you.
That fucking bitch.
Uh. yeah. he's gone.
Okay. get your ass
back here. Now.
- And go gentle on my truck.
- Mm-hmm.
Lisa?
Please leave a message
after the tone.
Hey. Joe.
can you call me back?
I tried to take a shortcut.
but I think I got
turned around.
even my GPS doesn't know
where I am.
Oh...
I missed you so much.
You're so cold.
Jesus Christ!
Thanks. I'm alright.
Just get here
as soon as you can.
Hey. um. Jack.
Okay. um.
you're not gonna like this.
but Joe just found
that crazy girl that
I've been telling you about.
and guess where she is?
No. no. no!
No!
Nothing. Oh. my God.
- Hello. this is
Detective Jackson.
- Ugh!
- Jack. come on.
- Leave a message.
and I'll get back to you
as soon as I can.
Ah. there you are.
Joe. where are you?
I'm only a few miles
away from the farm.
but I really need someone
to come get me.
Call me. please.
But I know what it is.
You're pretty. right?
So you want somebody
to cut you in line...
...to make your stolen car
a priority over theirs.
Their car matters.
We even got--
We take every call.
You know what I mean?
Our clients
are a priority. We--
- That's how
we've been in business.
That's how we've been
in business this long.
You know what I mean?
Oh. God.
What the fuck are you doing?
You should probably check
on your friend. Danny. He's a...
He's a real mental case.
Well. yeah.
- Something happened?
- Probably.
Earline. I don't know
what that means.
It means that things
are getting too hot around here.
You're leaving?
You know me. man.
I'm like the wind.
I'll either see you around...
or I won't.
Okay.
Did you see that bitch
who took my car?
Why'd you give her your car?
I didn't give her my car.
She's gone.
You better call your fucking
psycho sidekick cunt bitch
and get her back here right now.
Now!
Whoo-hoo-hoo! Easy now!
Put that fucking bow down.
- Put my bow down!
- You motherfucker.
Don't fuck with me.
Fuck!
You want a shoot-out
with me? Huh. pig boy?
Is that what you want?
- Let's go!
- Who the fuck
are you shooting at?
Drop your weapon.
or the next shot
will not be a warning.
Fuck. yeah. Let's go.
Drop your fucking weapon.
Who the fuck are you?
Why would I drop my weapon?
You need to drop
your fucking weapon.
Ow. fuck!
Ow!
Drop your fucking weapon!
I do not wanna kill you.
I don't even know
who the fuck you are.
I'm fucking Danny Diamond.
you fucking cunt.
It's your call.
but I got the drop on you.
If you don't tie that leg off.
you're gonna bleed out
pretty goddamn soon.
Ha-ha-ha!
Fuck you.
Are you fucking
Nurse Ratched now?
You can't fucking beat me.
Ow!
Oh. shit.
You dirty little piggy.
Okay...
Ooh. Officer Jack.
do you know what I do
to trespassing little pigs?
Like a zipper.
Oh.
Oh. Oh. shh...
Look at that.
It's your darlin'. Lisa.
You know what...
Know what I think we'll do?
Maybe call her later
and give her
a heartfelt goodbye. Huh?
Yeah.
Oh.
Thank God.
Oh. my God.
What's wrong?
No. no. no.
You had one slip.
I've forgiven you.
You need to forgive yourself.
You must be Lisa.
You think you can come
into my fucking house!?
You know we have friends
in common. right?
Sadie...
...is a sweet little thing.
And Jack? Oof.
He's a tough son of a bitch
and a heart of fucking gold.
That's lucky for me.
Unlucky for you.
I used most of the charge
on your lover
before I ripped
his fucking heart out!
Hear that?
This is called a bullnose.
It's an instrument for savages.
amateurs.
It has utility. but...
it lacks artistry.
nuance.
finesse.
What's the point?
This one. on the other hand...
Oof.
This one...
...isn't a medium skinner.
Now. some butchers call this
a throat cutter
or a gut slasher.
but that's just naive.
This instrument here
is used for slicing
thin-skinned animals.
like yourself.
Ahh!
Whoo!
Damn. look at that leg.
I know that hurt.
Tough little shit.
It's a shame
this didn't work out.
I think you and I
would make good friends.
Fuck you.
Fucking is not really my game.
Slicin' and dicin'.
that's more my thing.
Seriously.
what is wrong with you?
I chalked it up to a cornflake
deficiency as a kid.
Why the fuck do you do this?
You wanna be famous
or something?
I don't much care
for the limelight.
I spend most of my time
in the darkness.
But I am gonna think of you
every single fucking time
I turn on my light.
You wanna know why?
'Cause I'm gonna
make a lampshade
out of your nice. smooth hide.
Fuck!
You're dead. you fucking...
Is that the best you got?
Goddamn. girl.
You do have heart.
I see why your entire
pathetic career
has been with helpless animals
and unconscious women.
you fucking pussy.
You fucking pussy!
Fucking pussy!
Goddamn! Ahh!
No. no. no. no. no! Ah. fuck!
No. no. no!
Tit for fucking tat!
No! No!
Help me!
What the fuck?
Jesus. you got yourself
in a real mess this time.
haven't you?
Oh. that's definitely broken.
You just couldn't leave it
alone. could ya? Huh?
Hey. You got a smoke?
You shouldn't be doing this.
I thought you quit.
If he couldn't kill me.
I figure one smoke
is not gonna do it.
Huh.
- Where is he?
- Oh.
Couldn't handle the grind.
Huh.
Okay.
There's the ambulance.
I'll be right back.
Oh. it's good.